sale okay Latimer 33 says 65 bits
Iranian 5300 GT strata
it's an early series alloy car it's an
FIA historic it has an FIA historic
technical passport very eligible unique
features one of the best we have had the
pleasure of offering this is a great bit
cerini Italian style American
reliability carefully restored to a very
high standards
lot number 33 thank you David the bid
cerini
in two hundred thousand bid me straight
in two hundred thousand I was looking
thank you very much indeed
two hundred thousand on my left here sir
at two hundred and I will take twenty to
twenty in front of me two forty one on
the left sir at two forty and 260 260
280 280 300 sir 300 320 at 320 now the
bids against you on the left at three
hundred thousand dollars now and 320 may
I say at three hundred thousand 320 a
splendid motorcar three hundred thousand
320 to go now I've got you 320 on the
left here 320 on my left at 320 don't
lose it 340 340 thousand and 360 sir
just look at it how can you refuse to
bid at 360 MSA the bids against you at
340 360 now you're out in the second row
at 340 a magnificent car the bids
against you 360 now sir you're twitching
your paddle number hold it a little
higher
360 bid me at 340 a fabulous motorcar at
340 and the bid is against you I've got
yep I have it I beg your pardon
360 you have 380 now at 360 David your
bid 360 yup 380 now I've got your bid at
360 exactly 360 380 now no 360 David
your bid at 360 and 380 at 380 now 400
three ninety three ninety three nineteen
thank you David three ninety now 400
both at on the left at 390 at 390 at 390
fill it up sir
400,000 I'm being now I say 20 now David
four or five four oh five he's thinking
about it can we say 410 quickly the bids
at 404 hundred against your bitter david
and $400,000 all done at 400,000
exchange rates so cheap make it fall 5
go on you straight 5 yeah 405 I'm going
to man 405 thousands oh yeah one last
bid
seesee 405 yep got it at 400 would you
like four or five in the second row sir
400 he's still thinking about it
four hundred and five thousand either of
you four hundred thousand then the bids
at 400 thousand four five the first jump
you seeing us yes 405 I'll treat you the
same way we'll be here all night for 10
it's being sold it against you both of
you at four hundred and five thousand
your last chance I'm going to call the
car now four hundred and five thousand
David you have the bid for five it's for
the first time against you both
four hundred and five thousand or indeed
against all of the rest of you 405 at
the second time and the third you're
losing it sir at 405
thousand dollars hold on so 434 okay
very good